Merging repos: 'dd-shared-components-dotnet' into 'dd-trace-dotnet'. (#1694)
DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet: shared/src/Shared-Src/README.MD

﻿This directory and its subdirectories contains source files that are stored in this repo and are used across several projects.

One of the reasons for doing it is to share the implementation across projects for APIs that should
not be public and therefore cannot be grouped into a separate shared assembly.

> Formanaged code, the subdirectories here carry the name of the respective namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For managed code, the subdirectories here carry the name of the respective namespaces.
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet/commit/8b9642541f0ad21873f3bdd9325b6601a10bb8c9
